HERITAGE COMMONS HOMEOWNERS ASSOCIATION
Guidlines for Satellite Dish and Antenna Installation and Maintenance

This document sets forth the policies of the Heritage Commons Homeowners Association for the

installation and maintenance of satellite dishes and television antennas within the Heritage Commons
condominium project, pursuant to Section 207 of the federal Telecommunications Act of 1996 and the
Declaration of Covenants, Conditions and Restrictions for Heritage Commons Homeowners Association, as
amended from time to time (collectively, the “Declaration").

DEFINITIONS

All capitalized terms that are not otherwise defined in these Guidelines shail have the meanings
ascribed to them in the Declaration.

NOTIFICATION

Before installing a satellite dish or wireless cable antenna system (“Antenna”), Owners are requested
to notify the Association of their intent. Owners are encouraged to work with the Association and its
Board to determine a suitable location for the Antenna. That location should be the least obtrusive
possible without unreasonably delaying the Antenna's installation, unreasonably increasing the cost of

its installation, maintenance or use or preventing the Owner from obtaining an acceptable quality signal.

” | ANTENNA TYPE AND SIZE

For the purposes of these Guidelines, the term "Antenna" includes any direct broadcast system (DBS)
satellite dish or wireless cable antenna system (MDS or MMDS) and any component of or addition to
such antenna, including, without limitation, poles, masts, brackets, cables, or wiring.

These Guidelines apply to DBS, MDS and MMDS antennas that are one (1) meter or less in diameter
or diagonal measurement. Larger antennas are not permitted without the prior approval of the Board
of Directors.

INSTALLATION

Antennas may be located only on an Owner's balcony, patio (garden area) or deck, however, if an
acceptable quality signal can be received by placing the antenna inside the Unit, without an
unreasonable delay or increase in cost, then outdoor installation is prohibited. To the maximum

extent possible, Antennas should be installed where they are shielded from view from other Units or
the Common Area.

Installation must be in accordance with all applicable building, fire, electrical and related codes. If
installed outdoors, installation shall be by a licensed and insured installer knowledgeable about the
proper installation of Antennas. All installations shall be in accordance with the manufacturer's
installation specifications.

Vi.

To the maximum extent possible, wiring or cabling should be installed so as to be minimally visible
and shoutd blend into the material to which it is mounted or placed. Where not unreasonable to do
so, the Antenna should be painted to blend into the background to which it is mounted or placed, and
masts should be painted to match the Antenna mounted on it.

The Board may require the Owner to install screens or landscaping, at the Owner's expense, that do

not unreasonably delay the Antenna's installation, unreasonably increase the Owner's cost to install,
maintain or use the Antenna, or interfere with the Owner's receipt of an acceptable quality signal.

MAINTENANCE, REPAIR AND REMOVAL

The Owner shail be responsible, at the Owner's sole expense, for the maintenance of any Antenna.
In the event the Owner removes the Antenna (and does not reinstall the Antenna), the Owner shall,
at his (or her) sole expense, promptly restore the surrounding area to its original condition.

It shall be the Owner's responsibility to remove the Antenna if, in the sole discretion of the Board, the
Association must maintain, repair, or replace the area where the Antenna is installed. Except in
emergency situations, the Association shall notify the Owner at least seventy-two (72) hours in
advance of the need to remove the Antenna. The cost of removing and replacing the Antenna shall
be the responsibility of the Owner.

Should an Owner fail to remove the Antenna upon the Association's request, the Association may
enter the Owner's Unit and Exclusive Use Common Area at reasonable hours with at least seventy-
two (72 ) hours advance notice and remove the Antenna. The Association shall not be tesponsible
for any damage to the Antenna or loss of the Owner's video signal incurred in removing the Antenna.
If the Association must remove the Antenna, the Association may levy a reimbursement charge
assessment against the Owner's Unit as provided in the Declaration to reimburse the Association for
Costs incurred in removing the Antenna, after giving the Owner notice and an opportunity for a hearing
in accordance with the Association's governing documents. If the Association must remove the
Antenna, the Association shall not be responsible for replacing it.

LIABILITY OF OWNERS FOR DAMAGE TO COMMON AREA, ATRIUMS AND PATIOS

As clearly set forth in the Declaration, the responsibility of the Association for maintenance and repair
of the Common Area (including Exclusive Common Area which consists of balconies, patios, i.e.,
garden areas, and/or decks) shall not extend to repairs or replacements arising out of or caused by
the wilful or negligent act of an Owner or his (or her) guests, tenants or invitees; rather, the Owner
is responsible for such repairs or replacements. The Declaration further provides that the Owner shall
be liable to the Association for all damages to the Common Area (which includes Exclusive Common
Area) or improvements thereon caused by such Owner of any occupant of his’ (or her) condominium
or guest, and such liability shall only be established after notice to the Owner and the opportunity for
a hearing before the Board, as provided in the governing documents.

Adopted by Resolution of the Board of Directors
, 1998

Secretary

Heritage Commons Homeowners Association
Satellite Dish/Antenna Guidelines 2

