HERITAGE COMMONS HOMEOWNERS ASSOCIATION
Association Information & Guidelines


GENERAL GUIDELINES
Each unit is to be used for residential purposes only. No business of any kind shall be established maintained, operated, permitted, or conducted within the Project except such professional and administrative professions as may be permitted and in compliance with the City of Dublin Zoning Ordinance, Section 8-60.22 and provided that there shall be no external evidence thereof.

No unit shall be occupied by more persons, per bedroom, than allowed by law.

Annoyances of any kind which interfere with the quiet enjoyment of your neighbors will not be permitted.

No signs shall be permitted other than a sign of reasonable dimension and design advertising the unit "FOR SALE" or "FOR RENT" as per Civil Code Section 713.  Such sighns must be attached to the front door or garage door of property.  Real Estate Signs may not be mounted in exclusive use or common areas.

Littering in the common area is prohibited.

Owners shall be liable for the insurance deductible for any claim arising from damage caused by Owners, guests, tenants, and/or invitees. Owner shall also be liable for the insurance deductible for any damage claim which results from items that are the Owner's responsibility to repair, replace and/or maintain.

All exterior hoses must have flow control devices.

Paint, solvents, or chemicals shall not be disposed of in the Common Area including storm drains.

All Owners shall be responsible for family, guests and invitees use of the Common Area Owners, their family, tenants, guests and invitees shall not be permitted to use the streets within the development as recreational areas.

Residents are responsible for prompt cleanup of any oil spills on their driveways. The Association may, after notice to the Owner, have spills cleaned up and assess the Owner for repairs.

All rubbish, trash, and garbage shall be regularly removed from the property, including the front porch and rear patio areas. All trash shall be kept in covered sanitary receptacles. Trash receptacles shall be removed from the common area no later than the evening of the day of trash collection.

Architectural approval must be obtained prior to the installation of any satellite dish and/or antennae which is not in accordance with the guidelines adopted by the Board of Directors. No satellite dish and/or antennae may be attached to exterior siding including the roof. No satellite dish and/or antennae may be visible from the common area.

Clotheslines and external airing of items are prohibited.

No power equipment shall be operated or hobby shops permitted without written permission of the Board of Directors.

All window coverings, visible from the street or common area, shall be white or off-white. Reflective window coverings or tinting is not permitted.

No air conditioning or heating unit shall be installed on any roof, in any window or in the Common Area without the written permission of the Board of Directors.

Owners shall be responsible for maintenance of their front porch and rear patio areas. All vegetation must be kept trimmed away from the structure, roof and fences.

VEHICLE RESTRICTIONS (Revised and Adopted June 15, 2004)

No trailer, camper, mobile home, commercial vehicle, truck (other than standard size pick-up), inoperable vehicle, boat or similar equipment shall be permitted to remain upon any portion of the development. No unregistered vehicles permitted in the Common Area.
Off-road, and/or unlicensed/unregistered vehicles shall not be operated on the property and/or stored in the common area.
All unmarked parking spaces are for the use of residents and their guests. Any vehicle parked in the same parking space for more than 24 hours (with or without a permit) is considered in violation and is subject to immediate tow, without notice, and at the vehicle owner's expense.  (At the Board's and Parking Committee's discretion, vehicle owners will be notified, when possible, and towed after 72 hours)
Any vehicle parked in the Fire Lane is subject to immediate tow, without notice, and at the vehicle owner's expense.
Vehicles not displaying authorized parking permits are subject to immediate tow at the vehicle owner's expense, (At the Board's and Parking Committee's discretion, vehicle owners will be notified, when possible, and towed after 72 hours. Vehicles known to be trespassing will be towed with no attempt at notice).
No parking on or blocking of sidewalks by vehicles.
Maintenance of vehicles in driveways and/or any portion of the common area, except for emergency repair, is strictly prohibited.


ARCHITECTURAL GUIDELINES
Refer to the Architectural Guidelines in the CC&R's and direct any questions to the Architectural Committee, Board or management company prior to undertaking any project which may alter, change the appearance of your unit. The Board of Directors must approve any and all additions, of any kind, including window screens in writing.

Screen doors are permitted provided that they are aluminum framed. Examples of approved screen doors can be found at: 6547 Pioneer Lane or 6532 Conestoga Lane.

Exterior light fixtures should be either a white globe fixture or a white "carriage" style fixture. 

ADDITIONAL RULES AND REGULATIONS

    Gov Docs - Delinquent Assessment Collection Policy
    Gov Docs - Gas Line Policy
    Gov Docs - Guidlines for Satellite Dish and Antenna Installation and Maintenance
    Gov Docs - Violation and Fining Policy
    Gov Docs - Window and Sliding Door Replacement
    Gov Docs - Election Rules
    Gov Docs - Front and Utility Door Policy
    Gov Docs - Pet Policy
    Gov Docs - Pool Policy
    Gov Docs - Rental Policy
    Gov Docs - Solar Panel Installation Policy
    Gov Docs - Water Line Policy

FAILURE TO COMPLY WITH THESE RULES MAY RESULT IN FINES AND OR LOSS OF POOL PRIVELEGES






